# Migrating to 11.0.0

Version 11.0.0 is centered around implementing iOS Storekit 2.

I've worked hard on keeping backward compatibility. However there are things that don't translate directly to previous versions.

## API changes

These are changes that you'd need to make even if you are not going to use Storekit 2:

- `requestPurchaseWithOfferIOS` and `requestPurchaseWithQuantityIOS` are now part of `requestPurchase` by simply passing the appropriate parameters

- Methods that are exclusive to a platform, have been moved to nested objects `IapAndroid`, `IapAmazon`, `IapIos`, `IapIosSk2`. So for example `validateReceiptAndroid` is now available as:

```ts
import {IapAndroid} from 'react-native-iap'
...
IapAndroid.validateReceiptAndroid(...)
```

In particular the following methods are avaiable only on Sk2 : `sync`,`isEligibleForIntroOffer`, `subscriptionStatus`, `currentEntitlement`,`latestTransaction` should be called as this:

```ts
import {IapIosSk2} from 'react-native-iap'
...
IapIosSk2.isEligibleForIntroOffer(...)
```

This allows for greater flexibility to use methods that are specific to a platform but the others don't offer. All the other common methods are still called in the same way as before

## Using Storekit 2

Storekit 2 (Sk2) requires iOS 15 as a minimum. If your app supports older iOS versions, you'll have to consider the endgecases of jumping back and forth. The library will use the old implementation (Storekit 1) as a default on devices with older versions of iOS

### How do I know what's the minimum version of iOS my app supports?

Open `ios/Podfile` file
and look for the following line:

```
platform :ios, '15.0'
```

### How do I enable the use of Storekit 2

Call `enableStorekit2` before you initialize your connection as follows:

```ts
enableStorekit2()
await initConnection()
...
```

### Buying items for user

When calling `requestPurchase`:
The name of this parameter has changed to match the new API
`applicationUsername` -> `appAccountToken`

## No longer available in Sk2:

- Purchase promoted product. I haven't found the equivalent of promoted product purchase in the new SDK.

- `transactionReceipt`,`purchaseToken` are not available on `Purchase`s when using Sk

- `currency` is no longer available in `Product` of `Subscription` objects, use `localizedPrice` instead

### Event Listeners
In Sk1 we have Promoted product, purchase updated and purchase error
In Sk2 we have Transaction Updated. Purchase updated and purchase error and only for backward compatibility and will be removed on a future iteration.

Note that the Transaction Updated Listener accepts `TransactionEvent`s that can be either an error or a valid transaction.

### Why change the Event Listeners?
The new native libraries allow us to move away from sending events and instead returning responses for events that are generated by user interaction. Having both models becomes hard to document so we are phasing it out and keeping only one listener for events outside the normal purchase flow.
For example `getAvaiableItems` was both posting events and returing the list of events. That won't be the case when using Sk2, it will only return the list of Transactions. If you still want to get the events published in Sk1, use the optional parameter `{alsoPublishToEventListener:true}` in `getAvailableItems`